notebooks/README.md, before:

# Notebooks
This directory contains various Jupyter notebooks and scripts that demonstrate 
the usage of the `saw` library for different workflows, including 
chaining, parallelization, routing, and symphonic processing.

## Notebook Tutorials

### `agent_workflow.ipynb`
This notebook demonstrates the usage of the `AgentWorkflow` class for different 
operations such as chaining, parallelization, routing, and adaptive workflows. 
It includes both synchronous and asynchronous examples.

### `multi_llm.ipynb`
This notebook showcases the use of multiple LLMs (Large Language Models) for 
different tasks. It includes examples of chaining, parallelization, and 
routing using synchronous and asynchronous methods.

### `adaptive_llm.ipynb`
This notebook demonstrates the adaptive workflow using the AgentWorkflow class. 
It includes examples of evaluating and generating solutions iteratively, with 
a focus on code correctness, efficiency, and adherence to design patterns. 
Both synchronous and asynchronous methods are covered.

### `symphonic_llm.ipynb`
This notebook illustrates the symphonic processing workflow using the 
`Symphony` class. It includes examples of both synchronous and asynchronous 
processing for tasks that require breaking down into subtasks and generating 
content.

## Environment Setup

You will need to set up the environment variables (GOOGLE_API_KEY, etc.) in 
the `.env` file 

**Load Environment Variables**: Ensure that the environment variables are 
loaded by running the following command in your notebook or script:
```python
from dotenv import load_dotenv
load_dotenv("path-to-your-env-file.env")
```

Commit message:

updating custom workflow logic with build func args and simplying apply functions

notebooks/README.md, after:

# Notebooks
This directory contains various Jupyter notebooks and scripts that demonstrate
the usage of the `saw` library for different workflows, including
chaining, parallelization, routing, and symphonic processing.

## Notebook Tutorials

### [`agent_workflow.ipynb`](./agent_workflow.ipynb)
This notebook demonstrates the usage of the `AgentWorkflow` class for different
operations such as chaining, parallelization, routing, and adaptive workflows.
It includes both synchronous and asynchronous examples.

### [`multi_llm.ipynb`](./multi_llm.ipynb)
This notebook showcases the use of multiple LLMs (Large Language Models) for
different tasks. It includes examples of chaining, parallelization, and
routing using synchronous and asynchronous methods.

### [`adaptive_llm.ipynb`](./adaptive_llm.ipynb)
This notebook demonstrates the adaptive workflow using the AgentWorkflow class.
It includes examples of evaluating and generating solutions iteratively, with
a focus on code correctness, efficiency, and adherence to design patterns.
Both synchronous and asynchronous methods are covered.

### [`symphonic_llm.ipynb`](./symphonic_llm.ipynb)
This notebook illustrates the symphonic processing workflow using the
`Symphony` class. It includes examples of both synchronous and asynchronous
processing for tasks that require breaking down into subtasks and generating
content.

### [`custom_researcher.ipynb`](./custom_researcher.ipynb)
This notebook demonstrates the usage of custom research workflows using the
`Researcher` class. It includes examples of how to set up and execute custom
research tasks.

### [`custom_reviewer.ipynb`](./custom_reviewer.ipynb)
This notebook showcases the use of custom review workflows using the
`Reviewer` class. It includes examples of how to set up and perform custom
reviews on various tasks.

## Environment Setup

You will need to set up the environment variables (GOOGLE_API_KEY, 
GROQ_API_KEY, OPENAI_API_KEY, etc.) in the `.env` file or use `os.environ`.

**Load Environment Variables**: Ensure that the environment variables are
loaded by running the following command in your notebook or script:
```python
from dotenv import load_dotenv
load_dotenv("path-to-your-env-file.env")
```
